Proton balancing of reactants.
Assuming that transport reactions are specific to the metabolite species given in the reconstruction.
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons 2AMACSULT reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons 4NPHSULT reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons 5ADTSTSTERONESULT reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons A4GALTc reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons A4GALTg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ABO1g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ABO2g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ABO3g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ABO4g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ABO5g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ABO6g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ABO7g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ABO8g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ABO9g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ACGAGBSIDEtg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ACGAGBSIDEtl reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ACGALFUCGALACGALFUC12GAL14ACGLCGALGLUSIDEte reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ACGALFUCGALACGALFUC12GAL14ACGLCGALGLUSIDEtg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ACGALFUCGALACGALFUCGALACGLCGAL14ACGLCGALGLUSIDEte reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ACGALFUCGALACGALFUCGALACGLCGAL14ACGLCGALGLUSIDEtg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ACGBGBSIDEtg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ACGBGBSIDEtl reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ACGPID reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ACN13ACNGALGBSIDEte reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ACN13ACNGALGBSIDEtg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ACN23ACNGALGBSIDEte reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ACN23ACNGALGBSIDEtg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ACNACNGAL14ACGLCGALGLUSIDEte reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ACNACNGAL14ACGLCGALGLUSIDEtg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ACNACNGALGBSIDEte reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ACNACNGALGBSIDEtg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ACNGALACGLCGAL14ACGLCGALGLUSIDEte reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ACNGALACGLCGAL14ACGLCGALGLUSIDEtg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ADSK reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons AGPAT1 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ARSA reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ARTCOAL1 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ARTCOAL2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ARTCOAL3 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons R_group_phosphotase_1 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons R_group_phosphotase_2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons R_group_phosphotase_3 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ARTFR208 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ARTPLM3 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ARTPLM3m reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ASAH1 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons B3GALT3g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons B3GALT41g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons B3GALT42g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons B3GALT43g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons B3GALT44g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons B3GALT5g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons B3GALTg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons B3GNT11g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons B3GNT12g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons B3GNT310g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons B3GNT311g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons B3GNT312g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons B3GNT313g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons B3GNT314g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons B3GNT315g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons B3GNT31g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons B3GNT32g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons B3GNT33g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons B3GNT34g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons B3GNT35g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons B3GNT36g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons B3GNT37g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons B3GNT39g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons B3GNT51g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons BMTer_U reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons BPNT2 reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons CDIPTr reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons CDPDAGtm reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons CDS reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons CDSm reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons CEPTC reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons CEPTE reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons CERK reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons CERT1gt reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons CERT1rt reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons CERT2gt reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons CERT2rt reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons CHSTEROLSULT reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons CLS_hs reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons CRMPte reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons DAG_HSter reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons DAGK_hs reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons DAGKn_hs reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons DAGt reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons DGAT reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons DHCRD1 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons DHCRD2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons DHEASULT reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons DIGALSGALSIDEtg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons DIGALSIDEtg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons DIGALSIDEtl reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons DOPASULT reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons DSAT reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ESTSULT reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ETF reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ETFQO reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FUC13GALACGLCGAL14ACGLCGALGLUSIDEte reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FUC13GALACGLCGAL14ACGLCGALGLUSIDEtg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FUC14GALACGLCGALGLUSIDEte reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FUC14GALACGLCGALGLUSIDEtg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FUCACGALFUCGALACGLCGALGLUSIDEte reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FUCACGALFUCGALACGLCGALGLUSIDEtg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FUCACNGAL14ACGLCGALGLUSIDEte reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FUCACNGAL14ACGLCGALGLUSIDEtg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FUCACNGALACGLCGALGLUSIDEte reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FUCACNGALACGLCGALGLUSIDEtg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FUCFUC12GAL14ACGLCGALGLUSIDEte reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FUCFUC12GAL14ACGLCGALGLUSIDEtg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FUCFUC132GALACGLCGAL14ACGLCGALGLUSIDEte reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FUCFUC132GALACGLCGAL14ACGLCGALGLUSIDEtg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FUCFUCFUCGALACGLC13GALACGLCGAL14ACGLCGALGLUSIDEte reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FUCFUCFUCGALACGLC13GALACGLCGAL14ACGLCGALGLUSIDEtg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FUCFUCFUCGALACGLCGAL14ACGLCGALGLUSIDEte reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FUCFUCFUCGALACGLCGAL14ACGLCGALGLUSIDEtg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FUCFUCGALACGLCGALGLUSIDEte reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FUCFUCGALACGLCGALGLUSIDEtg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FUCGAL14ACGLCGALGLUSIDEte reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FUCGAL14ACGLCGALGLUSIDEtg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FUCGALFUCGALACGLCGALGLUSIDEte reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FUCGALFUCGALACGLCGALGLUSIDEtg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FUCGALGBSIDEte reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FUCGALGBSIDEtg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FUT11g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FUT12g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FUT14g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FUT15g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FUT16g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FUT17g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FUT18g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FUT32g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FUT33g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FUT34g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FUT35g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FUT910g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FUT911g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FUT91g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FUT92g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FUT93g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FUT94g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FUT95g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FUT96g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FUT97g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FUT98g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons FUT99g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GACPAILter reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GAL3ST11 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GAL3ST12 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GALACGLCGALGBSIDEte reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GALACGLCGALGBSIDEtg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GALC reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GALFUC12GAL14ACGLCGALGLUSIDEte reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GALFUC12GAL14ACGLCGALGLUSIDEtg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GALFUCGALACGLCGAL14ACGLCGALGLUSIDEte reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GALFUCGALACGLCGAL14ACGLCGALGLUSIDEtg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GALGALFUCFUCGALACGLCGALACGLCGAL14ACGLCGALGLUSIDEte reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GALGALFUCFUCGALACGLCGALACGLCGAL14ACGLCGALGLUSIDEtg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GALGALGALTHCRMte reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GALGALGALTHCRMtg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GALGLUSIDEtg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GALGLUSIDEtl reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GALGT1 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GALGT2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GALGT3 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GALGT4 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GALSIDEtg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GALSIDEtl reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GAO1 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GAO1g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GAO2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GAO2g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GBA reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GBAl reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GBGT1 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GBSIDEte reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GBSIDEtl reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GCNTg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GD1B2te reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GD1B2tg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GD1Cte reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GD1Ctg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GLAl reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GLB1 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GLCNACDASg reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GP1CALPHAte reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GP1CALPHAtg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GP1Cte reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GP1Ctg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GPAM_hs reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GPIAT reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GPIDA2er reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GPIDAer reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GPIMTer_U reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GQ1BALPHAte reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GQ1BALPHAtg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GQ1Bte reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GQ1Btg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GT1Ate reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GT1Atg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons H2ETer reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons H2MTer_U reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons H3ETer reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons H3MTer_U reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons H4ET3er reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons H4ETer reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons H5MTer_U reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons H6_ET2er reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons H6ET3er reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons H6_ETer reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons H6MTer_U reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons H7ET2er reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons H7_ETer reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons H7MTer_U reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons H7_TAer reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons H8TAer reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT1e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LPASE reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LPCHOLt reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LPS reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LPS2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LPS2e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LPS3 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LPS3e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LPS4e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LRAT reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LRAT1 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LRAT2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons M4BTAer reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons M4CET3er reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons MAGt reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons MOGAT reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons NAGAlby reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons NAGAly reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons NRPPHRSULT reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons OAGD3te reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons OAGD3tg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons OAGT3te reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons OAGT3tg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PA_HSter reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PA_HStg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PA_HStn reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PAFH reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PAFHe reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PAFS reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PAIL_HStn reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PAIL45P_HStn reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PAIL4P_HStn reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PCFLOPm reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PCHOL_HSter reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PCHOL_HStg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PCHOLP_hs reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PCHOLPg_hs reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PCHOLPm_hs reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PCHOLPr_hs reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PCt reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PE_HSter reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PE_HStm reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PEFLIP reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PEFLIPm reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PEt reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PETOHMm_hs reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PETOHMr_hs reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PGLYCt reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PGPP_hs reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PGPPT reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PI345P3P reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PI345P3Pn reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PI345P5P reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PI345P5Pn reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PI34P3Pn reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PI34P4Pn reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PI34P5K reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PI34P5Kn reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PI3P3Pn reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PI3P4K reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PI3P4Kn reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PI3P5K reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PI45P3K reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PI45P3Kn reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PI45P4P reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PI45P5P reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PI45P5Pn reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PI45PLC reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PI4P3K reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PI4P3Kn reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PI4P5K reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PI4P5Kn reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PI4PLC reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PI4PLCn reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PI4PP reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PI5P3K reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PI5P4K reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PI5P4Kn reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PIACGT reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PIK3 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PIK3n reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PIK4 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PIK4n reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PIK5 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PIK5n reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PIPLC reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PIPLCn reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PLA2_2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PLA2_2e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PPAP reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PRGNLONESULT reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PSDm_hs reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PSFLIP reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PSFLIPm reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PSSA1_hs reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PSSA2_hs reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PSt3 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons RETFA reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons RETFAt reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons RETFAt1 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons RETFAt2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons RETH reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons RETH1 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons RETH1e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons RETH2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons RETH2e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons RETHe reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons RTOTAL2t reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons RTOTAL3CRNCPT1 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons RTOTAL3CRNCPT2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons RTOTAL3CRNt reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons RTOTALt reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons Rtotaltl reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons S2T1g reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons S2T2g reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons S2T3g reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons S2T4g reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons S3T1g reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons S3T2g reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons S3T3g reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons S4T1g reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons S4T2g reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons S4T3g reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons S4T4g reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons S4T5g reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons S4T6g reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons S6T16g reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons S6T17g reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons S6T18g reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons S6T19g reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons S6T1g reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons S6T20g reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons S6T21g reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons S6T22g reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons S6T23g reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons S6T24g reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons S6T25g reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons S6T2g reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons S6T3g reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons SGALSIDEtg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons SGALSIDEtl reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons SIAT4Bg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons SIAT9g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons SMPD3g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons SMPD3l reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons SMS reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons SPHMDAc reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons SPHMYLNtg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons SPHMYLNtl reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ST3GAL21g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ST3GAL22g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ST3GAL23g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ST3GAL31g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ST3GAL61g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ST3GAL62g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ST6GALNAC21 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ST6GALNAC22 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ST6GALNAC23 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ST6GALNAC24 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ST6GALNAC25 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ST6GALNAC26 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ST6GALNAC27 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ST6GALNAC28 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ST6GALNAC31 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ST6GALNAC62 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ST8SIA11 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ST8SIA12 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ST8SIA51g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ST8SIA52g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ST8SIA53g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ST8SIA54g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ST8SIA55g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ST8SIA56g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons TAGt reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons TRIODTHYSULT reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons TSTSTERONESULT reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons TYMSULT reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons UGCG reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons XOLEST2te reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons r1411 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons RE0912C reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons RE1441R reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons RE1447M reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons RE1447N reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons RE1448N reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons RE1448R reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons RE1957R reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons RE2666C reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons RE2666G reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons RE2675C reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons RE2677C reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons RE2677E reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons RE2677G reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons RE2677N reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons RE2677R reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons RE2972M reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons RE2973N reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons RE2974N reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons RE3009C reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons RE3267E reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons RE3268R reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons RE3269C reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons RE3270C reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons RE3272N reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons RE3273C reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons RE3273R reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons RE3301C reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PCHOLHSTDe reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PEHSFABPe reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons CHOLESACATc reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons CHOLESTle reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons RTOTAL2FATPc reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons RTOTALFATPc reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PGLYCABCte reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PSHSABCtc reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT10e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT11e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT12e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT13e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT14e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT54e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT55e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT15e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT16e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT17e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT18e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT19e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT20e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT21e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT22e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT23e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT25e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT27e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT29e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT2e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT30e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT31e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT32e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT33e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT34e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT35e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT36e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT37e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT38e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT39e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT3e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT40e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT41e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT42e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT43e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT44e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT45e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT56e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT46e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT47e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT48e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT49e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT4e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT50e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT51e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT52e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT53e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT57e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT5e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT6e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT7e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT8e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCAT9e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons SMS1 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons SMS10 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons SMS11 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons SMS12 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons SMS16 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons SMS13 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons SMS14 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons SMS15 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons SMS2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons SMS3 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons SMS4 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons SMS5 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons SMS6 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons SMS7 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons SMS8 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons SMS9 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons MAGLINL_HSe reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons MAGOLE_HSe reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LPS5e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LPS6e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LPS7e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PCHOLMYR_HSPLA2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PCHOLOLE_HSPLA2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PEOLE_HSPLA2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PCHOLPALME_HSPLA2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PCHOLPALM_HSPLA2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PEPALM_HSPLA2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PAILPALM_HSPLA2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PCHOLSTE_HSPLA2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PCHOL2LINL_HSPLA2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PE2LINL_HSPLA2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PCHOL2OLE_HSPLA2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PCHOL2PALM_HSPLA2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PCHOL2STE_HSPLA2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PCHOLN15_HSPLA2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PCHOLAR_HSPLA2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PCHOLN183_HSPLA2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PCHOLN1836_HSPLA2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PCHOLN19_HSPLA2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PCHOLN201_HSPLA2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PCHOLN204_HSPLA2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PCHOLN205_HSPLA2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PCHOLN224_HSPLA2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PCHOLN225_HSPLA2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PCHOLN2254_HSPLA2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PCHOLN226_HSPLA2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PEAR_HSPLA2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PE203_HSPLA2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PE226_HSPLA2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PE224_HSPLA2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PEDH203_HSPLA2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PEDH12_HSPLA2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PEDH14_HSPLA2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PEDH161_HSPLA2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PEDH13_HSPLA2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PEDH15_HSPLA2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PEDH17_HSPLA2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PCHOLN203_HSPLA2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PAILAR_HSPLA2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PCHOLN24_HSPLA2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PCHOLN261_HSPLA2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PCHOLN281_HSPLA2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PCHOLN28_HSPLA2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PCHOLDOC_HSPLA2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PCHOLDEIC_HSPLA2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PCHOLDET_HSPLA2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PCHOLHEP_HSPLA2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PCHOLLINL_HSPLA2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PELINL_HSPLA2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ARACHETH reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons DIDECAETH reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons DIHOLINETH reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons DOCOHEXETHc reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons DOCTETETH reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HEPDECETH reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HEXDECEETH reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons OLEETH reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PELINETH reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PENDECAETH reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PEPALM reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons STEETH reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons TETDECAETH reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons TRIDECETH reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons 3HPPPNOHGLUCc reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
1	              1	            HC02195c	c		Not proton balanced.
1	              1	            HC02196c	c		Not proton balanced.
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HC02220c reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HC02197c reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HC02198c reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PCSF reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons METGLNTYRr reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PA_HStm reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PSDm_hsc reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PGPP_hsc reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons RE2675C2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons AGPAT4 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PGP_hs_tm reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PGLYCtm reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons AK2LGCHOLABCt reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons DIGALSGALSIDESECt reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PAFABCt reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PAIL_hs_SECt reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons SPHMYLN_HsSECt reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons AK2LGCHOLt1 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons DIGALSGALSIDEATPte reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PAFt1 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons SPHMYLN_HsATPte reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HPDECECOAm reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons IDL_HSSYN reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons IDL_HSDEG reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LDL_HSSYN reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LDL_HSDEG reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HDL_HSSYN reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HDL_HSDEG reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons MYELIN_HSSYN reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons DOPASULT4 reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ACER11r reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ACER12r reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ACER21g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ACER22g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ACER23g reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ACER31r reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons BGAL1e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons BGAL1l reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons BGAL2l reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons BGAL3l reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons CRMte reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons DES21 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GA1tl reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GALGLUSIDEtg2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GALGLUSIDEtl2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GBA2e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GD3tg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GD3tl reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GLA2l reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GLUSIDEte reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GLUSIDEtg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GLUSIDEtl reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GM1tg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GM1tl reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GM2tg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GM2tl reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HEXA1l reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HEXA2l reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HEXA3e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HEXAHBl reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons NEU11l reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons NEU21 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons NEU22 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons NEU23 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons NEU24 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons NEU25 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons NEU310e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons NEU31e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons NEU32e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons NEU33e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons NEU34e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons NEU35e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons NEU36e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons NEU37e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons NEU38n reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons NEU39e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons SMS1S2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons SMS21e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons SMSn reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons SPHMYLNte reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons SPHMYLNtl2 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons SPMD3n reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ST8SIA13e reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons THCRMtl reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PCHOL_HStn reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons DAG_HStg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PHCRMtg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PHCRMter reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons DHCRMtg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons DHCRMter reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GDA1tn reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GALSIDEter reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GALSIDEtn reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons CERT1tn reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons Rtotalter reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons Rtotaltg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GD1Atg reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GD1Atn reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GD1Btl reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GD3tlc reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GD3tm reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0002 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0003 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0008 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0015 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0016 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0017 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0019 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0020 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0467 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0469 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0582 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0586 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0587 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0593 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0597 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0598 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0601 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0614 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0625 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0629 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0634 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0642 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0653 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0654 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0657 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0672 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0678 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0750 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0753 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0758 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0761 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0763 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0765 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0767 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0769 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0770 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0771 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0793 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0795 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0803 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0805 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0806 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0807 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0808 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0809 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0810 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0811 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0812 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0814 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0815 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0816 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0817 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0819 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0820 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0821 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0822 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0823 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0824 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0825 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0827 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0828 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0829 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0830 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0831 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0835 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0836 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0837 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0839 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0841 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0842 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0843 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0844 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0846 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0847 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0848 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0849 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0851 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0852 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0853 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0854 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0855 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0859 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0860 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0864 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0867 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0868 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0870 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0873 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0875 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0876 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0877 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0878 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0889 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0890 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0906 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0907 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0908 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0909 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0910 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0911 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_1750 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_1754 reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_1962 reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_3597 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_5249 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_6397 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_6545 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_6549 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_6550 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_6558 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_6583 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_6584 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_6595 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_6838 reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_6844 reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_6850 reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_6975 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_6976 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_6978 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_7180 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_7181 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_7197 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_7328 reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_8271 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_8287 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_8395 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_8397 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_8399 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_9561 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_9625 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_9627 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_9631 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_9640 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_9663 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_9674 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_9726 reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_6580 reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons HMR_0980 reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons CASULT reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons DCASULT reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GCASULT reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GCDCASULT reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GDCASULT reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons GUDCASULT reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons LCASULT reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons TCASULT reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons TCDCASULT reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons TDCASULT reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons TUDCASULT reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons UDCASULT reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons 35DSMVhep reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons 3HPVSTETCOAhcm reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons 3HPVSTETCOAhcx reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ACMPShc reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons CSASULPhc reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PROFVSCOAhc reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons S3MEACMPhc reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons STACMPhc reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons TSACMSULhc reconstruction reaction not balanced to begin with
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons 3HPVSCOAhc reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons ACMPGLUTTRsc reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons TMACMPhr reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons NAPQIhr reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
vonBertalanffy:pHbalanceProtons PROTEIN_BS reconstruction reaction not balanced for H to begin with	
